[DOC] update README and CONTRIBUTING (#51)
brainhackorg/brainhack_jupyter_book: CONTRIBUTING.md

When editing or reviewing this book locally, you can run the link checker with
Jupyter Book to check if the external links mentioned in the book are valid. To
run the link checker, use the following command:

```bash
jupyter-book build brainhack_book --builder linkcheck
```

The link checker checks if each link resolves and prints the status on your
terminal so that you can check and resolve any incorrect links. Read more about
this on the
[JupyterBook's GitHub repository](https://github.com/executablebooks/jupyter-book/blob/master/docs/advanced/advanced.md#check-external-links-in-your-book).

<!--#### On Netlify

Brainhack book is built and deployed online using [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/).

//If you want to deploy the book on Netlify, you'll need the following settings:

//- Base directory: `book/website`
//- Build command: `pip install -r requirements.txt && jupyter-book build .`
//- Publish directory: `book/website/_build/html`

//Netlify is smart and will find your requirements.txt to do the install for //you. :slightly_smiling_face:

You can find the build history or logs for Brainhack at https://app.netlify.com/sites/brainhack/deploys.-->

## Bibliography

> In the directory `./Brainhack Book/_bibliography` a collection of bibliography

Reviewer: Shall we change all accurence of `Brainhack Book` in paths to the actual directory name?

Author: Good catch. Yes!!!

- If you are a Windows user for Unix commands and build functions to work properly you might either need
    -  [Linux Subsystem for Windows](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install-win10), 
    -  [Gitbash](https://gitforwindows.org/),
    -  [Cywin](https://www.cygwin.com/)

### [Fork](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo) the [Brainhack Jupyter Book repository](https://github.com/brainhackorg/brainhack_jupyter_book) to your Github account :trident:
Click on the ‘Fork’ button near the top of the page. This creates a copy of the code under your account on GitHub. For more details on how to fork a repository see [this guide](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/). 

This is now your own unique copy of the  Brainhack Jupyter Book. Changes here won't affect anyone else's work, so it's a safe space to explore edits to the code! 

Make sure to [keep your fork up to date](https://help.github.com/articles/syncing-a-fork) with the upstream repository, otherwise, you can end up with lots of dreaded [merge conflicts](https://help.github.com/articles/syncing-a-fork).

> ### [Clone](https://help.github.com/articles/cloning-a-repository) your forked  Brainhack Jupyter Book repository to your machine/computer. :arrow_down_small:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### [Clone](https://help.github.com/articles/cloning-a-repository) your forked Brainhack Jupyter Book repository to your machine/computer. :arrow_down_small:
```

`pip install -r requirements.txt`

2. If you are using conda:

```bash
conda env update -n brainhack-jb-env -f ./environment.yml
```

In order to leaving the virtual environment. If you want to switch projects or otherwise leave your virtual environment, simply run:

`deactivate`

Once the virtual environment is activated, packages will be installed in that environment, without interfering with your python system installation.  

**HEADS UP**: if you close the terminal or deactivate `venv`, make sure to re-activate the virtual environment with `source venv/bin/activate` before typing any code.

### Building the book locally :white_check_mark:

The brainhack_book is build with [jupyter-book](https://pypi.org/project/jupyter-book/) package which helps with creating on-line book version of one of [brainhack_book](https://github.com/brainhackorg/brainhack_jupyter_book).

Now, if you run:

```bash
pip list | grep jupyter-book
```

You should see something like this (version may change) printed to the terminal:

```bash
jupyter-book       0.8
```

> Now open the terminal and navigate to the folder where you cloned the Brainhack Jupyter book by:
> 
> ```bash
> cd ../brainhack_jupyter_book/
> ```
> 
> To build the book and preview your changes locally you can run the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To build the book and preview your changes locally, you can run the following command in the repository root directory:
```

### Clean up the recent build :broom:

When you test your edits by building the book multiple times, it is better to
clean up the last build before generating a new one. You can either manually
delete the `brainhack_book/_build` folder every time, or run this command:

```bash
jupyter-book clean brainhack_book
```

More details on this process can be read on the
[JupyterBook's GitHub repository](https://github.com/executablebooks/jupyter-book/blob/master/docs/advanced/advanced.md#clean-your-books-generated-files).

### Check external links in the book :link:

When editing or reviewing this book locally, you can run the link checker with
Jupyter Book to check if the external links mentioned in the book are valid. To
run the link checker, use the following command:

```bash
jupyter-book build brainhack_book --builder linkcheck
```

The link checker checks if each link resolves and prints the status on your
terminal so that you can check and resolve any incorrect links. Read more about
this on the
[JupyterBook's GitHub repository](https://github.com/executablebooks/jupyter-book/blob/master/docs/advanced/advanced.md#check-external-links-in-your-book).

> 
> <!--#### On Netlify
> 
> brainhack_book is built and deployed online using [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/).
> 
> //If you want to deploy the book on Netlify, you'll need the following settings:
> 
> //- Base directory: `book/website`
> //- Build command: `pip install -r requirements.txt && jupyter-book build .`
> //- Publish directory: `book/website/_build/html`
> 
> //Netlify is smart and will find your requirements.txt to do the install for //you. :slightly_smiling_face:
> 
> You can find the build history or logs for Brainhack at https://app.netlify.com/sites/brainhack/deploys.-->

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

## Bibliography :newspaper:

In the directory `./brainhack_book/_bibliography` a collection of bibliography
from all the chapters exist in the `references.bib` file. More details can be
read on th
[CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/brainhackorg/brainhack_jupyter_book/blob/main/contributing_guideline.md)
file.

> 
> <!-- I will create one once we decide on the contribution method and workflow -->

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
